The Public Domain Publishing Company

# Team Handbook

## Working with us

### What roles are available?

An updated list of roles along with how to apply is listed
on our jobs page:
https://publicdomaincompany.com/.

### Why did you ignore my application?

If you applied, we almost certainly reviewed your
application. If you didn't hear back, that's because we
think you're not good enough yet or it would cost us too
much to hire you. We need to move slow with our funds and
are trying to hire the world's most talented builders that
also are bad at calculating their true market value. If we
didn't hire you, it might not be because we think you're
bad, but because we think we won't be able to lowball you
with a terrible salary.

### Can you hire people outside the USA?

Not yet. But we're working on it. You can still apply even
if outside the USA.

### What is the pay range for team members?

Our pay scale translates too be approximately $15 per
hour up to $150 per hour. Almost everyone will make $15 per
hour or close to that in wages. The majority of compensation
will be in equity options, which you should expect to be
worth zero when the company goes bankrupt.

### How does vesting work?

Instead of a 12 month cliff, we have a 10 day cliff. If
you or us don't think this is a good fit after 10 days, you
can leave. Sometimes the fit is off or simply the timing is
off. No big deal. Leave and move on.

After day 10, vesting starts and happens continuously every
hour. Vesting periods are 10 years.

## What benefits do we provide?

Currently none. (Note: if you are the world's best
HR/Benefits person, apply to join!)

## How do I get paid?

Via PayPal, Coinbase, or traditional banking, every Friday
afternoon.

## Joining the Team

### How do I accept my employment offer?

If you receive an offer to join the team, submit a pull
request adding yourself here:
https://github.com/publicdomaincompany/publicdomaincompany.com/blob/main/team.csv.

When that PR is merged in, you will officially be part of
the team.

### What happens when I accept my offer and join the team?

You will be granted access to resources like the ones below.

#### Email

Someone will assign you a [yourname]@publicdomaincompany.com
email alias. It is recommended you create a new @gmail.com
account for your work emails. You can also just use your
existing email account and have your emails forwarded there
if you don't mind mixing work and personal email accounts.

#### GitHub and GitLab repos

Depending on your role and what products you will work on.

#### A Credit Card Number

For making business purchases without any approval.

#### Social media credentials

You will be given credentials for the subreddits, Twitters,
et cetera, of the products you work on.

### What tools do we use?

Mostly Git and email for collaboration. Mostly Apple M1s. A
lot of Slack, Reddit, Twitter, etc.

Generally it's use your favorite tools.

## How do I leave the team?

Submit a pull request taking yourself off the `team.csv`
file. 
(https://github.com/publicdomaincompany/publicdomaincompany.com/blob/main/team.csv).

We will close out all your credentials. When we merge the
pull request in, you will officially be off the team.

## How much notice do I have to give when I quit?

The longer notice you give the better, but if you just won
the lottery during your lunch break and want to come back
and tell us to go fuck ourselves that's fine to. Just send a
PR.

## Can I continue to use everything I worked on when I leave, including this handbook?

Of course you fucking can. That's the whole point of the
public domain.
